                                                             ## Vaishnavi Patil ##
                                                                 Assignment-1
                                                                   (Part 2) 
Description : write a report of the last paper you've read
Title: Application of Linear Regression Mathematical Model in the
Evaluation of Teacher's Informatization Quality
Venue (journal name/conference)
Number of pages: 10
Three outcomes of the paper:
(1) According to the regression model, among the five secondary indicators, informationized classrooms rank first. The reason is obvious: informationized classrooms belong to the primary indicators, infrastructure and public management platform applications, and infrastructure and public management platform applications. It is the materialized equipment and material foundation on which the development of educational informatization depends and the carrier of information flowing across time and space. Its development degree is directly related to whether the informatization has the corresponding material conditions. Therefore, infrastructure and public management platform applications, including informationized classrooms, reflect the supporting conditions of the hard environment of educational informatization, are an important factor reflecting the level of educational informatization, and occupy an important component in the evaluation of educational informatization. 
(2) The development plan and implementation plan mainly examine the formulation and implementation effects of the informatization development plan in the school informatization process, including semester/annual plans, work objectives, measures to be taken, operability, and implementation effects. Education informatization construction is a systematic project, including hardware facilities, software platforms, educational resources, teacher training, and other elements. It also inevitably requires systematic planning and design of this huge project, as hardware, software, human resources, and policies. The laws and regulations are complemented and coordinated with each other, and the elements are combined to maximize the benefits. Practice has proved that this is a relatively successful way of education informatization, and development planning and implementation plans have an important impact on the level of education informatization in schools.
(3) The development and utilization of educational and teaching resources is an important content of educational informatization, which reflects the level of informatization construction and application. The operation of the information system depends on the development and utilization of information resources to support. If the information system is compared to the human skeleton, then the information resources are muscle and blood. It can be seen that the development and utilization of information resources play an important role in the evaluation of education informatization level. From the perspective of information resource development and utilization, it can reflect the degree of utilization of information systems.

Link to the paper online: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/351146356_Application_of_Linear_Regression_Mathematical_Model_in_the_Evaluation_of_Teachers%27_Informatization_Quality
